# Software Engineering G6046 - Team Meeting Note

* **Team Number:**  
    Not generate yet

* **Names of team members present:** 
    * `Max Wang`
    * `Wu Tong`
    * `Sun Weiyi`

* **Meeting moderator: Max Wang**

* **Meeting format:**   
    physical meeting in library

* **Date and time:(YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM - HH:MM)**  
    2024-02-16 19:00 - 21:00

## Note before meeting

 * Make changes to the documents (low-level documents, high-level documents) prepared some time ago
 
 * Upload the document on GitHub
 
 * Design animation content, animation style, and interfaces for animations and programs
 
 * Design music content, music style, and interfaces between music and programs
 
 * Discuss sprint documentation

 * As for the reasons for the absences, 'Yao wen Zhang' could not attend due to personal reasons, and 'Zhenmao Song' could not attend due to physical reasons of his family members.


## Issues discussed at this meeting
 
**1. Modify and upload documents about the previous preparation (completed in stages)**
  
   * In this meeting, we carried out on-site upload, uploading the advanced design documents and test documents prepared before. In addition, we carried out modular management and the differentiation of various cases of branches.
  
   * Re-modify advanced documents. For example:
       * Modify the instruments used in the background music to distinguish the difference between the music used in victory and defeat.

       * Modify the rules of the game to improve unreasonable situations.

       * Explain the problem of layout in the game, whether it should be landscape layout or portrait layout.

       * Distinguish the difficulty of AI design in advanced documents, communicate with AI designers about specific situations, and confirm the design of AI, such as whether to design a primary AI or an imitative AI.

       * With regard to latency, this game composition within the LAN game, it can be considered that there is almost no latency.
     
**2. Discussion on risk management issues (completed)**

 * We discussed various problems encountered in the process of project creation, such as: someone suddenly gave up the project, what should we do for the future planning? After our discussion, we thought that if someone gave up the project, the rest of us would choose to replace him and carry on the project.
 
 * During the workshop, we failed to complete our task due to an understanding error. We would continue the project if it did not affect the project process; if it affected the project process, we would postpone the project.
 
**3. Changes to low-level design documents (in progress)**

* In the low-level design document, we have found many flaws that do not meet game design standards, such as the unclear distinction between ER diagrams and class diagrams, which prevents future coders from programming according to this document.

**4. About the writing of sprint documentation**

* We decided to have a meeting twice a week, and after each meeting we had to write the summary of the meeting and the sprint document.

* Re-add the meeting moderator to the weekly meeting minutes.

## Other Remarks

* We need more details to get better
* We need strong debate instead of "whatever"

**END 2024-2-16**
