# Software Engineering G6046 - Team Meeting Note

* **Team Number:**  
    27

* **Names of team members present:** 
  * `Max Wang`
  * `Wu Tong`
  * `Tao Yiwen`
  * `Song Zhenmao`
  * `Sun Weiyi`

  **(Zhang Yaowen were absent)**

* **Meeting moderator：Max Wang**

* **Meeting format:**   
  physical meeting in library

* **Date and time:(YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM - HH:MM)**  
  2024-03-01 19:00 - 19:40

## Note before meeting

* This meeting will focus on the completion of the UI

* About version number control


## Issues discussed at this meeting

**Discussion on UI**

* About the font design of the game, after discussion, we discussed what kind of font is more suitable for the design of the product, and finally chose a font that we all think is good.

* For map design, UI design was proposed in this meeting, and he is modeling the map. After our discussion, we offer two ideas:

  * Make a very simulated 3D map
  * Or make it 2D, but as expected

* As for the view of icon design, the result of our discussion is to make the icon design transparent and do more simulation. To make the ICONS better fit the game style.

* For the discussion of text box UI, we decided to adopt the design of hot gold border and wood material in the middle.


## Risk manipulation

**For our projects, there will be situations where some people will not finish in time and will not be able to attend meetings in time.**

* Solution: We have a reasonable allocation of work within the group. No one has too many tasks or too few tasks, so there is no risk of not completing them on time. As for the group members who could not attend the meeting due to some things, after discussion, we decided to adopt the method of recording, and record every meeting. In order to listen to the group members when they are unable to attend the meeting.

**END 2024-3-1 READ ONLY**
---
